welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
magic mike xxl
[Music]
three years after abandoning his life as
a stripper
mike is running his own furniture
business
he receives a call from tarzan who
informs mike that dallas is
gone believing that his former boss has
died
mike drives to a hotel only to find that
his friends
the remaining kings of tampa are
enjoying themselves at a pool party
after revealing that dallas has bailed
on them to start a new show in macau and
only took
the kid referencing adam from magic mike
with him
the kings let mike in on their plan to
end their careers on a high note by
traveling to myrtle beach for a
stripping convention
later while trying to work mike
overhears a song he used to strip to and
dances
reinvigorated mike decides to join them
on their trip
driving in a froyo van owned by tito and
tobias
they decide to make their first stop at
mad mary's
to prove to richie that he's willing to
commit to the trip
mike participates in an amateur drag
queen contest
the others join him soon after they then
head down to a beach where mike attempts
to resolve his issues with ken
through violence the two later reconcile
mike also meets a photographer named zoe
who tells him that she's headed for new
york
they flirt but mutually agree that they
should not have sex
back on the road mike suggests that they
change their routine after the group
accepting tarzan take mdma
they stop at a gas station where he
coerces richie into trying to make the
cashier smile with an
improvised striptease which he
successfully does
this inspires the others to abandon
their old routines
soon afterward tobias under the
influence of mdma
passes out while driving and crashes the
van
everyone is left unscathed aside from
tobias who gets a concussion
in the hospital the group begins to lose
morale
and contemplate packing up and heading
home
mike then reveals that his furniture
business isn't going that well and that
he's no longer dating brooke after she
rejected his marriage proposal
the group decides to continue on
in search of a new emcee mike brings the
group to a savannah strip club owned by
rome
a woman that mike has a history with
despite proving to her that his skills
haven't deteriorated
he's unsuccessful in getting her to help
them
however she does give them a ride to
their next stop by having andre
a rapper singer who works at the club
drive them there
the group arrives at a mansion
tito tells them that he knows the girl
who lives there and that she's expecting
them
they walk in through the door but are
greeted by the girl's mother
nancy along with nancy's friends who are
all middle-aged women
nancy's teasing of the group initially
makes them feel awkward but as the night
goes on
the mood lightens during this time
mike meets zoe again zoe confesses that
she was hired by another photographer as
his assistant solely said he
could try to start an affair with her
despite being married
mike urges her to come to the convention
to regain her smile
after sleeping with richie nancy allows
the group to drive her ex-husband's car
to myrtle beach
when they arrive they are surprised to
see rome
rome after having a change of heart
agrees to be their emcee
she also brings along andre and malik to
help
with their preparations complete they
head to the convention where they manage
to squeeze in a spot thanks to rome and
her seemingly romantic history with the
organizer of the event
paris the group's performance as a
success
during mike and malik's performance mike
brings zoey on stage
the film ends in celebration tobias
returning with the froyo van and
everyone watching the 4th of july
fireworks
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you